clarify value for inverting button logic (#3838)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: common/source/docs/common-buttons.rst

There is no MIDDLE position for the function, if it has one, using a button.

> The effective state of the button can be inverted by setting its ``BTN_OPTIONSx<BTN_OPTIONSx>`` parameter bit 1 (e.g. BTN_OPTIONSx = 2). This applies to both PWM and switch control of the pin.

Reviewer: this is incorrect....since its a bit mask, the VALUE should have +2 added to it, not set to 2 which possibly destroys the setting of bit 0..the best clarification would be :
```suggestion
The effective state of the button can be inverted by setting its ``BTN_OPTIONSx<BTN_OPTIONSx>``  bitmask bit 1 (ie adding 2 to the decimal value of the parameter). This applies to both PWM and switch control of the pin.
```

The function that will be controlled by the button is determined by its ``BTN_FUNCx`` parameter. If set to -1, no function is performed. Otherwise, the number corresponds to the :ref:`Auxiliary Function <common-auxiliary-functions>` number.

> The :ref:`BTN_REPORT_SEND<BTN_REPORT_SEND>` sets the length of time that a button state message is sent to the ground control station for display purposes, each time the button changes state. This is a MAVLink2 message.

Reviewer: no obvious change here, but doesn't hurt anything
